delete_deprecated_content_from_conf (#3259)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Improved memory efficiency in **update-content-graph** and **create-content-graph** commands.
* Removed support for the `cve_id` name for the default-argument for **cve** reputation commands in **validate**. Now, only `cve` may be used for such commands.
* Updated *Pydantic* to v2.

> * Added support for **format** with the `-d` flag to delete TestPlaybooks from `conf.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added to the **format** command the ability to remove test playbooks from `conf.json` file when deprecating content items.
```

> * Added support for **format** with the `-d` flag to delete TestPlaybooks from `conf.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Calling **format** with the `-d` flag now removes test playbooks testing the deprecated content from conf.json.
```
